So how can we now get our local changes
to this Git Repository which we did not create,
and which we don't own here on GitHub?
How can we push these changes to this Repository?
As you saw before, we don't have the permissions for that.
Well, there are two main ways here.
We could fork it, and I'll get back to forking later.
But if we did not fork this Repository,
and we instead cloned the original Repository as we did it,
then we simply have to reach out
to the creator of that Repository,
and basically ask for permission to push to this Repository.
Now, of course, we could reach out with
help of contact details that might be
mentioned here in the Read Me,
but one way we could reach out is to create a issue.
Now, very important, I don't wanna say that
you Should use this issues feature
to contact people on GitHub.
Instead this issues feature is a
feature meant to be used to report
bugs or possibly suggestions.
Nonetheless here, our suggestion could be to use this color,
and therefore we could share our suggestion here.
And then either, the original creator of this project
implements this suggestion,
in that case, it would be fine that
we can't push our code,
because our change then still made it into the project.
Or the suggestion is not picked up,
then we have to live with that.
But there also is a third option,
and the creator of the project might ask us to basically
well, make that change ourselves because
they like that change, but they don't have time
to implement it themselves.
And that might be what we're hoping for here.
So the offer, we can report a new bug,
or in our case, make a suggestion,
by clicking on New Issue here.
And keep in mind I am in this second account
who does not own this Repository.
And then here we might give this issue
a title of suggestion, Change Title Color,
and then we write some text where
we go into more detail.
Where we could say I think it looks better,
if the main title is a bit more orange.
The styling rule could be changed like this.
And here we're again using markdown,
and we can add some code by adding three backticks here,
and three backticks here, and writing CSS
after these three backticks to basically tell Mark down
that we have a CSS code snippet between
these wrapper backticks here.
And then we simply grab our updated code here.
Whoops, this H1 Code, and paste this in here.
That could be our description text.
Of course, it depends on which kind of
bug or issue you're reporting.
Or which kind of suggestion you have,
what you wanna write here.
You can also see a preview of what will be posted.
And you can look up this Markdown help
I showed you earlier.
So here I'm now submitting this new issue,
and now this was reported.
And hence we have this one here.
Now this Repository has one issue and that's our suggestion.
Now here I'm back on GitHub with that main user,
who did create this remote Repository
and who owns this remote Repository.
As you can tell by the fact that
I do have this setting button here and here,
I'm now seeing that a new issue was reported
Or in this case a suggestion.
I can read it and maybe I decide that this is a good idea
and should be implemented.
But I don't have time to do it myself now,
and for some reason I trust this person.
And of course, that's maybe a bit unrealistic.
You typically don't start trusting strangers
just because they reported one suggestion,
but for the sake of this demo,
let's say we wanna allow this person
to edit the code of this Repository.
Again, not necessarily something you wanna do all the time,
but here I wanna show you how
people can work together on GitHub.
Therefore, what we wanna do,
is add this person as a Collaborator to this Repository.
Because right now this other person
can't push to the Repository as you saw.
And now I wanna make sure that this person
is able to Push
For that, as the owner of the Repository,
we can go to settings, and then to Collaborators.
And here we can add other GitHub accounts
who should have right access to this Repository.
So who can push to this Repository.
Now, GitHub up also has some other features
in their paid plans.
There you can have organizations,
and teams with team members.
And of course there you can also manage
access permissions for Repositories,
but for public repositories, with such a free plan,
we can add collaborators.
So here I can now start adding people,
People who are able to collaborate.
And as you see here, I need the username,
which in this case is Maxacademind2
for my second user here.
So I invite this person to collaborate here.
Now that other person should receive email
which invites it to collaborate.
And if that other user clicks that link
in that email, they can accept this invitation.
And with that, as you can also see up here,
we now have push access to this Repository.
Now as the main owner of this Repository,
So here Maxacademind1, I still might want to make sure
that this other person can't push to the main Branch.
So here under settings Branches,
we can actually set up a branch protection rule,
and select our main branch here,
and require a pull request for this main branch,
which means that for the main branch,
you are not able to just directly push into it.
Instead, you have to open a so-called pull request,
which is something I'll get back to later.
Here, I'll now create this branch protection rule.
And now people should not be able to directly
push into the main branch.
To other branches it's possible, but not the main branch.
Now here in this example, that's just fine,
because I did create a separate branch
and now that I have been added as a collaborator
I wanna push this branch to this cue this GitHub Repository.
In order to do that, I just have to do one thing.
And again, keep in mind, now here
I'm on that second account,
I have to change that URL of my origins,
of my remote Repository, that link URL
and I have to include my GitHub username
in order to make sure that I'll be prompted for a password,
which then allows me to successfully push to that Repository
because they still must authenticate my request.
So the offer, I'll grab that URL again, add it here,
but in front of github.com, I'll add my username,
which in this case is Maxacademind2
because I'm on that second user.
Hit enter, and now if I wanna push this feat color branch,
I'm again asked for a password.
So therefore, now ask this second user again,
as you can see here, I have to go to settings
and use such a personal access token
because this is on a different machine, different user,
I need a new token.
So generate that token, with any name of your choice,
give it repo permissions, generate it, copy the token.
Again, you'll only see it once,
as it also says here, and use that for pushing.
And now that branch was pushed successfully,
because there was no branch protection,
for this feature branch.
Therefore, here we see that this branch was pushed.
And as the owner of this Repository,
we also see that this branch is there now.
And that's now the part where
we might wanna merge it into the main branch.
And it's not a good idea to
directly push to the main branch.
That's typically not what you wanna do,
because you wanna give the owner or your colleagues
a chance of reviewing your change instead
of directly pushing it, into this main branch
which is typically the production branch.
The branch that is responsible for the website
that's currently live,
and a branch that might trigger an automatic deployment flow
once pushed into it.
That's why we also set up this branch protection.
So in order to get our changes into the main branch
we'll now create such a pull request.